hello and welcome to videojug we're
going to show you how to make crispy
vegetable spring rolls spring rolls were
originally made from vegetables from the
early spring crop harvested around the
time of the Chinese New Year hence the
name they are wrapped in wafer thin rice
paper and are small in size especially
when compared to the egg roll they're
thicker and heft to your cousin their
delicate taste makes them a wonderful
appetizer step 1 you will need the
following ingredients to serve four to
six people ten spring roll wrappers half
a red pepper thinly sliced one carrot
grated six bamboo shoots thinly sliced
some bean sprouts quarter of a white
cabbage shredded some rice noodles
soaked in water one tablespoon of oyster
sauce one teaspoon of soy sauce one
teaspoon of sugar salt and pepper one
litre of vegetable oil and one egg
beaten here is a handy list of the
ingredients
you
you will also need the following
utensils a wok a wooden spoon a bowl a
spoon a brush a tea towel a saucepan a
slotted spoon a tray lined with paper
towel and a pair of tongs step 2 prepare
the vegetables begin by heating the wok
when hot add some oil
the red pepper
the carrots the bamboo shoots
the cabbage and the bean sprouts cook
until the vegetables have slightly
softened and their flavors have had a
chance to intermingle step 3 finish the
filling now complete the filling by
adding the noodles the oyster sauce the
soy sauce the sugar
the salt
and the pepper mix well
take off heat transfer to a bowl to let
it cool
step four preheat the frying oil place
the pan on medium to high heat add the
oil and let it heat through
Step five make the spring rolls place
the spring roll wrapper in front of you
with one corner at the bottom so that it
resembles a diamond brush the four edges
of the wrapper with the beaten egg
place the filling in the bottom part of
the wrapper in a thin log shape not
touching the edges leave the last few
centimetres clear now lift the wrapper
over the top and tuck it in under the
filling
fold over the left side
and then the right side
and roll it up to form a tube
brush a little more egg along the top
part and seal the roll
you
repeat until all the rolls are finished
step 6 frying the spring rolls once the
oil is hot deep-fry the spring rolls
until lightly Brown which should take
only a minute or two
you can now put them on the towel tray
to let them drain
step seven serve serve your crispy
spring rolls as you would any appetizer
they go wonderfully with a sweet and
sour sauce and many other types of dip
and that's how to make Chinese crispy
vegetable spring rolls the videojug way